# ixd104 
## 3.2.17

- imaging and data visualisation
- desiging an app visually

### Images
- images communicate 
- from the earliest drawings - cave drawings 
- image - during the ebola outbreak people were dying but as soon as someone was a white western person - the publicity was on them - the image shows people dying all around, the only person people were interested in was the white person

- contrast, colour and montone
- brendan dawes - diagramatic - using actual data to look like art
- it communicates - this is what is being looked for
- each image creates imagery 
- pressure as a designer, how people use social media.

## expectations
- 20 credit module
- 200 hours work
- create icon set, illustrations - travel app (40%)
- info graphic - how you dispkay info (diagrammatic) (40%)
- research, discovery, sketchbook, tumblr (20%)

## a picture is worth...
- we can read a picture
- narrative - combining images to create a story
- juxtaposition - when you juxtapose images, we can make new stories possible.
- example - a child with disney land beside her, or a child beside a world conflict.
- roji king - vector images
- vic bell - basic elements to create icons - basic shapes  
- diagrams - edward tuft
- nicholas felton - collects data from his life year on year and present it in a report.
- marsan ignack?? - everyday of his life using his computer- each line displays his computer on.

## to do
- get tumblr set up

## master - apprentice learning
- learn how to create things
- rembrandt
- 'focused copying'
- recreate something - set of icons

## jons freddie 
- the wee mailchimp
- Jon Hicks
- look at designs and illustrations to see how they look

## Vic Bell
- rocket icon design
- made with really simple lines - dot, line and plane

## next few weeks
- create an icon set
- (links in github)
- create the travel icons

- city illustration 
- the interface
- create own travel app

## Tasks
- setup tumblr
- identify icon designers, instagram, dribble - who they are, what they look like, why did you choose them?
- recreate the travel icons - reference on github.
- train your eyes.


